README.md, before:

# .vimfiles
A collection of files for customizing my Vim environment.

All plugins are managed by [Pathogen][pathogen] by Tim Pope. Upgrade and installation
instructions are detailed below.

## Installation
To install this `.vimrc`, clone the repository to `~/.vim`. Pass the
recursive flag to ensure that all submodules are cloned as well. Finally,
create a symlink to the `.vimrc` to make it available to Vim on startup.

    git clone --recursive https://github.com/PhiloEpisteme/.vim ~/.vim
    ln -s ~/.vim/.vimrc ~/.vimrc

## How To:

### Install New Plugin

    cd ~/.vim
    git submodule add https://github.com/Example/repo.git bundle/name

### Update All Plugins

    cd ~/.vim
    git submodule foreach git pull origin master

### Remove Plugin/Submodule

    1. Delete relevant section from `.gitmodules`.
    2. Delete relevant section from `.git/config`.
    3. Run `git rm --cached path_to_plugin`.
    4. Commit and delete untracked submodule files.

## Plugins

- [python-mode][pymode] - Kirill Klenov
- [vim-colors-solarized][solarized] - Ethan Schoonover
- [vim-fugitive][fugitive] - Tim Pope
- [vim-surround][vimsurround] - Tim Pope
- [vim-go][vim-go] - Fatih Arslan

## References

- [Solarized Homepage][solarized_home], for more information about installing.

[pathogen]: https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen
[pymode]: https://github.com/klen/python-mode
[solarized]: https://github.com/altercation/vim-colors-solarized 
[fugitive]: https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive
[vimsurround]: https://github.com/tpope/vim-surround
[solarized_home]: http://ethanschoonover.com/solarized
[vim-go]: http://github.com/fatih/vim-go

Commit message:

Support vim8 and vim7
From here on out this vimrc will support vim7 as well as vim8. The
official requirements will be found in the README.md for version
support.

Packages which are supported by both vim7 and vim8 are to be included in
the `pack/my-packages/start` directory. Packages which are only
supported by vim7 should be added to the `bundle` directory. Packages
which are only supported by vim8 should have their name added to the
pathogen_blacklist via `call add(g:pathogen_disabled, 'csscolor')`.

Packages for vim8 are managed by the native vim8 package manager.
Packages for vim7 are managed by pathogen. See their respective
documentation for any questions.

The new structure for rc file management should be as follows. Lines
which have equivalent support in both vim7 and vim8 should go in
`.vimrc`. Those which are only supported by one version or another
should go in `.vim<version>.vimrc`.

Major, minor, and patch version formats should follow this same format.

README.md, after:

# .vimfiles
A collection of files for customizing my Vim environment.

All plugins for vim7 are managed by [Pathogen][pathogen] by Tim Pope and the
native package manager is used for vim8. Upgrade and installation instructions
are detailed below.

## Installation
To install this `.vimrc`, clone the repository to `~/.vim`. Pass the
recursive flag to ensure that all submodules are cloned as well. Finally,
create a symlink to the `.vimrc` to make it available to Vim on startup.

    git clone --recursive https://github.com/PhiloEpisteme/.vim ~/.vim
    ln -s ~/.vim/.vimrc ~/.vimrc

## Plugins

Some plugins only work properly with a specific version of vim. All plugins
which are supported by both vim7 and vim8 belong in the
`pack/my-packages/start/` directory. Plugins which only work with vim7 belong
in the `bundle/` directory. Packages which only work with vim8 should go in
`pack/my-packages/start/` directory and have their plugin name added to the
`pathogen_blacklist` found in `.vim7.vimrc`.

#### vim7
- [python-mode][pymode] - Kirill Klenov

#### vim7/8
- [vim-colors-solarized][solarized] - Ethan Schoonover
- [vim-fugitive][fugitive] - Tim Pope
- [vim-go\*][vimgo] - Fatih Arslan
- [vim-surround][vimsurround] - Tim Pope

\* vim-go requires Vim 7.4.1689

### Install New Plugin

    cd ~/.vim
    git submodule add https://github.com/Example/repo.git path/to/package/name

### Update All Plugins

    cd ~/.vim
    git submodule update --init --recursive

### Remove Plugin/Submodule

    1. Delete relevant section from `.gitmodules`.
    2. Delete relevant section from `.git/config`.
    3. Run `git rm --cached path/to/plugin`.
    4. Commit and delete untracked submodule files.

## References

- [Solarized Homepage][solarized_home], for more information about installing.

[fugitive]: https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive
[pathogen]: https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen
[pymode]: https://github.com/klen/python-mode
[solarized]: https://github.com/altercation/vim-colors-solarized
[solarized_home]: http://ethanschoonover.com/solarized
[vimgo]: https://github.com/fatih/vim-go
[vimsurround]: https://github.com/tpope/vim-surround
